{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red6\green0\blue135;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12940\viewh10980\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Replication files for \'93Development from Representation?\'94 by Francesca R. Jensenius\
\

\b0 The findings in the paper can be replicated in R using the \'93Code_replication\'94 and the two data files \'93devDTA.Rdata\'94 and \'93Vill_AC.Rdata\'94\

\b \
Codebook for devDTA
\b0 \
This data includes development indicators for  3134 of India\'92s state assembly constituencies (ACs) in 1971 and 2001. ACs remained the same between 1974 and 2007 (as defined in the 1976 Delimitation report, but some changed change name and number when three new states were created in 2000. Indicators are therefore included for before before (1976) and after (2001) the year 2000.\
\
[1] "State_number_2001\'94		State number used by Census of India in 2001.\
 [2] "AC_no_2001"   			AC number used 1974\'972000.\
 [3] "State_no_2001_old"		The state an AC was part of 1974\'972000.\
 [4] "AC_number_1976"   		AC number used 1974\'972000.\
 [5] "State_name_1976"  		Name of state an AC belonged to 1974\'972000. \
[6] "AC_name_1976"    		Name of the AC 1974\'972000.\
 [7] "AC_type_1976" 			Reservation status 1974\'972000 (Gen/SC/ST).\
 [8] "PC_no_1976"  			Number of Parliamentary constituency AC was part of 1974\'972000.\
 [9] "PC_name_1976"     		Number of Parliamentary constituency AC was part of 1974\'972000.\
[10] "PC_type_1976"     		Reservation status of Parliamentary constituency AC was part of 						1974\'972000.\
[11] "State_name_2001"  		Name of state an AC was part of after 2000.\
[12] "AC_name_2001"     		AC name used after 2000.\
[13] "AC_type_2001"     		Reservation status after 2000 (Gen/SC/ST).\
[14] "PC_no_2001"       		Number of Parliamentary constituency AC was part of after 2000.\
[15] "PC_name_2001"     		Number of Parliamentary constituency AC was part of after 2000.\
[16] "PC_type_2001"     		Reservation status of Parliamentary constituency AC was part of 						after 2000.\
[17] "SC_pop71_true"    		SC population in an AC according to the 1971 census as calculated 						by the Delimitation Commission (aggregated from village and ward 						level data).\
[18] "tot_pop71_true"   		Total population in an AC according to the 1971 census as calculated 						by the Delimitation Commission (aggregated from village and ward 						level data).\
[19] "DELIM_district_no"		Number of district an AC was in according to the 1976 						Delimitation report.\
[20] "District_name"    		Name of district an AC was in according to the 1976 Delimitation 						report.\
[21] "SC_percent71_true"		Percentage SCs in an AC according to the 1971 census as calculated 						by the Delimitation Commission.\
[22] "Pop_tot1971"      		Population of AC estimated from block-level 1971 census data.\
[23] "SC_tot1971"       		SC population of AC estimated from block-level 1971 census data.\
[24] "ST_tot1971"      		ST population of AC estimated from block-level 1971 census data. \
[25] "Plit71"           			Literacy rate in AC estimated from block-level 1971 census data.\
[26] "Plit71_SC"        			Literacy rate among SCs in AC estimated from block-level 1971 						census data.\
[27] "Plit71_nonSC"     		Literacy rate among non-SCs in AC estimated from block-level 1971 						census data.\
[28] "AC_type_noST"    		Reservation status of AC 1974\'972000 excluding the category ST. \
[29] "Pfemale"        			Percentage of women in AC estimated from block-level 2001 census 						data.  \
[30] "Prural"      				Percentage of rural population in AC estimated from block-level 2001 census 						data.  		     \
[31] "Plit"             			Literacy rate in AC estimated from block-level 2001 census 						data and calculated as the number of literate divided by entire population (official 						calculation is by population over the age of 7 as given by variable Plit_7).\
[32] "Pnonw"        			Percentage of non-workers in AC estimated from block-level 2001 census 						data.      \
[33] "Pmain"            			Percentage of main workers in AC estimated from block-level 2001 census 						data.  \
[34] "Pmarg"            			Percentage of marginal workers in AC estimated from block-level 2001 census 						data.  \
[35] "Psc"              			Percentage of SCs in AC estimated from block-level 2001 census 						data.  \
[36] "Pst"              			Percentage of STs in AC estimated from block-level 2001 census 						data.  \
[37] "Plit_SC"         			Literacy rate among SCs in AC estimated from block-level 2001 census 						data and calculated as the number of literate divided by entire SC population (official 						calculation is by population over the age of 7 as given by variable Plit_SC_7). \
[38] "Pnonw_SC"         		Percentage of non-workers  among SCs in AC estimated from block-level 2001 census 						data.    \
[39] "Pmain_SC"         		Percentage of main workers among SCs in AC estimated from block-level 2001 census 						data.  \
[40] "Pmarg_SC"         		Percentage of marginal workers among SCs in AC estimated from block-level 2001 						census data.  \
[41] "Plit_nonSC"       		Literacy rate among non-SCs in AC estimated from block-level 2001 census 						data and calculated as the number of literate divided by entire non-SC population (official 						calculation is by population over the age of 7 as given by variable Plit_nonSC_7). \
[42] "Pnonw_nonSC"      		Percentage of non-workers in AC estimated from block-level 2001 census 						data.      \
[43] "VD01_TotPop"      		Rural population in AC calculated by aggregating population in each village in VS that fell 						within the AC boundaries in 2001 (according to GIS maps).\
[44] "P_ST71"       			Percentage of ST in AC estimated from block-level 1971 census data.\
[45] "Plit_gap"         			
\f1\fs22\fsmilli11471 SCPlit\cf2 -\cf0 Plit_nonSC
\f0\fs24 \
[46] "P_W71_SC"         		Employment rate among SCs in AC estimated from block-level 1971 census data.\
[47] "P_W71_nonSC"      		Employment rate among non-SCs in AC estimated from block-level 1971 census data.\
[48] "P_W71"            			Employment rate in AC estimated from block-level 1971 census data.\
[49] "P_W71_gap"        		
\f1\fs22\fsmilli11471 P_W71_SC \cf2 -\cf0  P_W71_nonSC
\f0\fs24 \
[50] "P_W_SC"           		Employment rate among SCs in AC estimated from block-level 2001 census data.\
[51] "P_W_nonSC"        		Employment rate among non-SCs in AC estimated from block-level 2001 census data.\
[52] "P_W"              			Employment rate in AC estimated from block-level 2001 census data.\
[53] "P_W_gap"          		P_W_SC - P_W_nonSC\
[54] "P_al71_SC"        		Percentage of agricultural laborers among SCs in AC estimated from block-level 1971 						census data.\
[55] "P_al71_nonSC"     		Percentage of agricultural laborers among non-SCs in AC estimated from block-level 						1971 census data.\
[56] "P_al_SC"          			Percentage of agricultural laborers among SCs in AC estimated from block-level 2001 						census data.\
[57] "P_al_nonSC"       		Percentage of agricultural laborers among non-SCs in AC estimated from block-level 						2001 census data.\
[58] "P_al"          			Percentage of agricultural laborers in AC estimated from block-level 						2001 census data.   \
[59] "P_al_gap"         			P_al_SC - P_al_nonSC\
[60] "Plit_7"           			Literacy rate in AC estimated from block-level 2001 census data and calculated as the 						number of literate divided by the population over the age of 7 (official measure). \
[61] "Plit_SC_7"        			Literacy rate among SCs in AC estimated from block-level 2001 census data and 						calculated as the number of literate divided by the population over the age of 7 (official 						measure). \
[62] "Plit_nonSC_7"     		Literacy rate among non-SCs in AC estimated from block-level 2001 census data and 						calculated as the number of literate divided by the population over the age of 7 (official 						measure). \
[63] "Plit_7_gap"       			
\f1\fs22\fsmilli11471 Plit_SC_7 \cf2 -\cf0  Plit_nonSC_7
\f0\fs24 \
[64] "P_elecVD01"       		Percentage of rural population in AC living in a village with electricity. Estimated by 						aggregating village-level data.\
[65] "P_elecVD01_nonSC" 	Percentage of non-SCs in rural areas in AC living in a village with electricity. Estimated by 						aggregating village-level data.\
[66] "P_elecVD01_sc"    		Percentage of SCs in rural areas in AC living in a village with electricity. Estimated by 						aggregating village-level data.\
[67] "P_elecVD01_gap"   		
\f1\fs22\fsmilli11471 P_elecVD01_sc\cf2 -\cf0 P_elecVD01_nonSC
\f0\fs24 \
[68] "P_educVD01"       		Percentage of rural population in AC living in a village with an educational institution. 						Estimated by aggregating Village Directory data from 2001.\
[69] "P_educVD01_nonSC" 	Percentage of non-SCs in rural areas in AC living in a village with an educational 						institution. Estimated by aggregating Village Directory data from 2001.\
[70] "P_educVD01_sc"    		Percentage of SCs in rural areas in AC living in a village with an educational 						institution. Estimated by aggregating Village Directory data from 2001.\
[71] "P_educVD01_gap"   		
\f1\fs22\fsmilli11471 P_educVD01_sc\cf2 -\cf0 P_educVD01_nonSC
\f0\fs24 \
[72] "P_medicVD01"      		Percentage of rural population in AC living in a village with a medical facility. 						Estimated by aggregating Village Directory data from 2001.\
[73] "P_medicVD01_nonSC"	Percentage of non-SCs in rural areas in AC living in a village with a medical facility. 						Estimated by aggregating Village Directory data from 2001.\
[74] "P_medicVD01_sc"   		Percentage of SCs in rural areas in AC living in a village with a medical facility. 						Estimated by aggregating Village Directory data from 2001.\
[75] "P_medicVD01_gap"  	
\f1\fs22\fsmilli11471 P_medicVD01_sc\cf2 -\cf0 P_medicVD01_nonSC
\f0\fs24 \
[76] "P_commVD01"       		Percentage of rural population in AC living in a village with a communication facility. 						Estimated by aggregating Village Directory data from 2001.\
[77] "P_commVD01_nonSC" 	Percentage of non-SCs in rural areas in AC living in a village with a communication 						facility. Estimated by aggregating Village Directory data from 2001.\
[78] "P_commVD01_sc"    		Percentage of SCs in rural areas in AC living in a village with a communication 						facility. Estimated by aggregating Village Directory data from 2001.\
[79] "P_commVD01_gap"   	
\f1\fs22\fsmilli11471 P_commVD01_sc\cf2 -\cf0 P_commVD01_nonSC
\f0\fs24 \
[80] "P_SC_VD01"        		Percentage of SCs across the rural areas in AC, Estimated by aggregating Village 						Directory data from 2001.\
[81] "Plit_71gap"       			Plit71_SC - Plit71_nonSC\
[82] "P_al_71gap" 			P_al71_SC - P_al71_nonSC\
\

\b Codebook for Vill_AC.RData\

\b0 This is village-level data from the Village Directory of India 2001 linked up to ACs using GISmaps. The dataset includes information about 634919 from across India.\

\b \

\b0  [1] "VD01_state_id"         			State number used by Census of India in 2001.\
 [2] "VD01_district_id"      			District number used by Census of India in 2001.\
 [3] "VD01_village_id"       			Village number used by Census of India in 2001.\
 [4] "VD01_uniqueAC"        		A unique identifier for each AC in the dataset (state-AC). \
 [5] "VD01_state_name"       		State name used by Census of India in 2001.\
 [6] "VD01_AC_id"            			Number of AC the village was in 2001\'972007.\
 [7] "VD01_AC_name"        		Name of AC the village was in 2001\'972007.\
 [8] "VD01_t_p"              			Population in village in 2001.\
 [9] "VD01_sc_p"      			       	SC population in village in 2001.\
[10] "VD01_power_supl" 			Indicator for whether village was electrified in 2001.\
[11] "VD01_educ"       			Indicator for whether village had an educational institution in 2001.\
[12] "VD01_medic"      			Indicator for whether village had an medical institution  in 2001.\
[13] "VD01_comm"  				Indicator for whether village had some form of communication channel in 2001.}